docs: cdl-cli basic usage and schema-repo interaction (#89)
epiphany-platform/CommonDataLayer: docs/CDL-Cli.md

# Command Service

## Technical Description

> Cdl-cli is currently the only tool able to interact with Schema-Registry. Its purpose is to interact with the Schema-Registry database by setting and viewing its content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cdl-cli is currently the only tool able to interact with schema registry. Its purpose is to interact with the schema registry database by setting and viewing its content.
```
I think we never use schema registry written as crate name in the docs.

> Cdl-cli is currently the only tool able to interact with schema registry. Its purpose is to interact with the schema registry database by setting and viewing its content.

Reviewer 2: Both CDL and CLI are acronyms, and so both should be capitalized.

> Cdl-cli is currently the only tool able to interact with schema registry. Its purpose is to interact with the schema registry database by setting and viewing its content.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The CDL-CLI is the official tool for interacting with the CDL's Schema Registry, used both for viewing and manipulating schemas and their respective data.
```

> Please mind that this tool is a reference. Schema-Registry port should be configured open, and every tool that is able to communicate to it should be able to set and get information about schemas from Schema-Registry. Currently only schema-regisry only supports GRPC protocol, but there are some progress with both REST and webgui parts, which may be presented in the future as GRPC's alternative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please mind that this tool is a reference. Schema registry port should be configured open, and every tool that is able to communicate to it should be able to set and get information about schemas from schema registry. Currently only schema regisry only supports GRPC protocol, but there are some progress with both REST and webgui parts, which may be presented in the future as GRPC's alternative.
```

> Please mind that this tool is a reference. Schema registry port should be configured open, and every tool that is able to communicate to it should be able to set and get information about schemas from schema registry. Currently only schema regisry only supports GRPC protocol, but there are some progress with both REST and webgui parts, which may be presented in the future as GRPC's alternative.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For this tool to work, please make sure that the Schema Registry's gRPC server is listening on a public port. Currently, the Schema Registry only exposes a gRPC API, which is faster than a JSON API but less convenient to use. There is some progress with a JSON API for convenience, as well as a TUI (terminal user interface) and a website.
```

Communication Methods:
- GRPC

## How to guide:

> #### manipulate views

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Manipulate views
```

> #### Manipulate views

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Manipulate Views
```

> views are a WIP feature, currently not used widely beside some cases in development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Views are a WIP feature, currently not used widely beside some cases in development.
```

> #### manipulate schemas

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Manipulate Schemas
```
empty section?

> ###### add schema

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### Add schema
```

> `cdl --registry-address "http:/localhost:6400 schema <add|get|names|update> --name <schemaname> \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cdl --registry-address "http://localhost:6400 schema <add|get|names|update> --name <schemaname> \
```

    --query-address <query-service-uri>" \
    --topic <ingest-topic> \
    --file <optional:schema-path>
`

> - if `--file` is provided, specific file must have valid json inside.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If `--file` is provided, specific file must have valid json inside.
```

> - if `--file` is missing, you will be asked to provide json inside cli,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If `--file` is missing, you will be asked to provide json inside cli,
```

>   to do so, insety valid json, followed by newline, and then press `ctrl+d` to finish editing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To do so, insert valid json, followed by newline, and then press `ctrl+d` to finish editing
```

> - if `--file` is missing, you will be asked to provide json inside cli,
>   to do so, insety valid json, followed by newline, and then press `ctrl+d` to finish editing
> - minimal valid json schema is `{}`
> - random schema id will be assigned to the request

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If `--file` is missing, the CLI will expect JSON to be piped in over `stdin`.
- A schema containing `true` will accept any valid JSON data.
- New schemas are assigned a random UUID on creation, which will be printed after a successful insert.
```

> ###### list schemas

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### List schemas
```

> - will print all existing schema names and IDs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Will print all existing schema names and IDs:
```

> ###### List schemas
> Will print all existing schema names and IDs:
> `cdl --registry-address "http:/localhost:6400 schema names`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
###### List Schemas

 To print all existing schema names and their respective ID's:
`cdl --registry-address "http://localhost:6400 schema names`
```

> `cdl --registry-address "http:/localhost:6400 schema names`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cdl --registry-address "http://localhost:6400 schema_names`
```
Can we pass multiple names here?

Author: nah, i dont think so, 
i also don't know what would happen if multiple jsons are provided inside file or in body
